first team to meet Sanders. This is one of those times when it's gonna
depend on the situation. Tell you that one team, but I had to leave,
was on that ship. Sailed. It's George years, actually. So at that
point, the team is gonna have to do it my way. My way is by the book.
My way was to get help in and make sure that we were using the mobile
training teams eyes, carrot out exercises, any equipment speed made
sure that we understood technology and carry out drills on. That
was a long slog. It was a very long to do that. I can tell you that
at the end of the day should earn the engineering feat that 12 years,
I believe the only trophy that was in the days when only one ship
this water was a fleet of shit. So that was the situation. If you're
more than a situation where Dean is right, you have a copy on just
past Raftery. Everything's great. They built with centered Sam. Just
stay up on that razor's edge. Stay tight. Stay sharp. Don't slack
off